Widen scope of 'unmerged branches' to 'inactive branches'. (#10358)
ICTU/quality-time: docs/src/changelog.md

<!-- The line "## <square-bracket>Unreleased</square-bracket>" is replaced by the release/release.py script with the new release version and release date. -->

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Rename the 'unmerged branches' metric to 'inactive branches' and enable it to also count branches that have been merged but not deleted. Closes [#1253](https://github.com/ICTU/quality-time/issues/1253).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rename the 'unmerged branches' metric to 'inactive branches', enabling it to also count branches that have been merged but not deleted. Closes [#1253](https://github.com/ICTU/quality-time/issues/1253).
```
